Update the java project document (#4985)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/java/java-project.md

MetaSocialImage:
---

> # Manage Java Projects in VS Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Managing Java Projects in VS Code
```

The [Project Manager for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-dependency) extension helps you to manage your Java projects and their dependencies. It also helps you to create new Java projects, packages, and classes. To get the complete Java language support in Visual Studio Code, you can install the [Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack), which includes the Project Manager for Java extension.

<a class="tutorial-install-extension-btn" href="vscode:extension/vscjava.vscode-java-pack">Install the Extension Pack for Java</a>

> For details on how to get started with the extension pack, please see [Getting Started](/docs/java/java-tutorial.md).

### Project view

> The project view helps you view your Java projects and their dependencies, and provides entry points for project management tasks. 

Reviewer: Should we add an intro to where project view is? something like this:

The Java project view is displayed in the explorer view and you can toggle its display by clicking "..."  on the explorer area and selecting "Java Project"

Author: How about:

By default, the Java project view is displayed below the explorer view. If you cannot see it. Try clicking the `...` button next to the `EXPLORER` and select `Java Projects`.

Reviewer: sounds good!

![project view](images/java-project/projectmanager-overview.png)

In the overflow button of the navigation bar, there are more options to use. For example, you can switch between hierarchical view and flat view.

![overflow button](images/java-project/overflow-button.png)

You can find buttons next to the nodes in the explorer, which can be used as useful shortcuts for some functionalities.

![inline button](images/java-project/inline-button.png)

There are also many useful features in each node's context menu, you can right click on the node in explorer to toggle it out.

![context menu](images/java-project/context-menu.png)

> ### Create Java project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a new Java project
```

You can create a new Java project by clicking the **+** button in the navigation bar, or through the command: **Java: Create Java Project...** in Command Palette (`kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`). During creation, VS Code will facilitate installing required extension(s) per your project type, if the extension(s) weren't installed.

![create project](images/java-project/projectmanager-createproject.png)

### Import Java projects

> Projects will be imported to workspace through **File** > **Open Folder...** (Make sure the opened folder contains your build tool scripts, i.e. `pom.xml` or `build.gradle`). VS Code for Java will detect your projects and import them automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can directly import existing Java projects to workspace through **File** > **Open Folder...** (Make sure the opened folder contains your build tool scripts, i.e. `pom.xml` or `build.gradle`). VS Code for Java will detect your projects and import them automatically.
```

> When you add a new module into your projects, you can trigger the command **Java: Import Java projects in workspace** to import them to workspace.

Reviewer: we should probably say both project and modules can be imported using "Open Folder"

> When you add a new module into your projects, you can trigger the command **Java: Import Java projects in workspace** to import them to workspace.

Reviewer: should we also mention the effect of "import project in workspace"? the purpose is to notify language server without window reload

Author: ok

![jdk home](images/java-project/projectmanager-javahomeconf.png)

## Configure classpath for unmanaged folder
We provide a user interface to configure the classpath for unmanaged folder. The classpath can be set manually in the classpath configuration page. You can open it by executing the **Java: Configure Classpath** command from the Command Palette (`kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`).

![configure classpath](images/java-project/configure-classpath.png)

In some rare cases, you may need to clean the Java workspace by executing the **Java: Clean Java Language Server Workspace** command from the Command Palette (`kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`) to let the language server rebuild your dependencies.

> ## Library configuration

Reviewer: Dependency Management better term than Library configuration?

In this way, `bar-src.jar` is attached to bar.jar as its source.

## Lightweight Mode

> VS Code for Java supports two modes, lightweight and standard. With lightweight mode, only source files and JDK are resolved by the language server; with standard mode, imported dependencies are resolved and the project is built by the language server. Lightweight mode works best when you need a super quick-to-start and lightweight environment to work with your source files, for example, reading source code, navigating among source code and JDK, viewing outline and Javadoc, and detecting and fixing syntax errors. Also, code completion is supported within the scope of source files and JDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VS Code for Java supports two modes, lightweight and standard. With lightweight mode, only source files and JDK are resolved by the language server; with standard mode, imported dependencies are resolved and the project is built by the language server. Lightweight mode works best when you need a quick-start and lightweight environment to work with your source files, for example, reading source code, navigating among source code and JDK, viewing outline and Javadoc, and detecting and fixing syntax errors. Also, code completion is supported within the scope of source files and JDK.
```
